# British-Fashion-Council-Visualization

Holition is a digital creative studio specializing in emerging technologies, such as augmented reality (AR), interactive data visualization, CGI, projection, and video. It partners with cutting-edge brands to craft interactive experiences that better engage the consumer and more authentically reflect brand core values. This past summer, I completed a 10-week data science internship at Holition’s London office as part of my Brown University Master’s in Data Science Capstone. I was involved in two core projects at Holition: the London Fashion Week S/S 2018 visualization and an internal Holition digital curation tool — a mechanism for pooling and analyzing information from online sources to reveal emerging trends. Note, shown here is my final report for the London Fashion Week component only. 
The British Fashion Council commissioned Holition to design the art installation.

Collaborating partners included Google, Conde Nasté, and Pulsar. I worked with a select team of interns at Holition to create the algorithmic tree visualization, which showed the daily growth in mentions and impressions, during the past three London Fashion Weeks, concerning 10 important social topics pertaining to the fashion industry (e.g. sustainability and diversity). As the primary data scientist, I performed initial brand identity research, helped craft a compelling message that aligned with the core principles of British Fashion Council, identified and evaluated relevant data streams, analyzed data to reveal insights, and helped to program the final Fashion Week visualization. The art installation was shown during the full week of London Fashion Week S/S 2018 at 180 The Strand.→ Link to Capstone report

- [Link to Capstone report](https://files.cargocollective.com/c374305/London-Fashion-Week-Visualization.pdf)
- [Installation video](https://vimeo.com/294104627)
